Pixel Plumbers
Reflection Sprint 3
Team Overview:
Overall, throughout the process of working on Sprint3, we've developed and demonstrated a firmer grasp of coding conventions and are better able
to maneuver through Github which in the past was a major struggle for us. 

Achievements:
Throughout this sprint, we focused on collisions; so things like enemy-mario interactions, mario-powerup interactions,block-mario interactions etc. We also focused 
on getting on getting our background up and running as well as working on implementing a camera. We were able to get Mario shooting fireballs as well. 

Challenges:
We had some difficulty deciding how we were going to frame our many objects for collisions especially with keeping things like run time and code quality in mind. We
decided to go with creating a generic list of objects with an entity class. Looking into how this could even work was initially a source of stress for us but we were able
to figure it out in time. Deciding how these objects should interact with eachother logically was challenging especially when objects have some crossover in their interaction.
It was also challenging to figure out how to develop a grid system for the background objects like the ground, clouds, hills etc and to figure out how to get the camera
to move along the screen with continuous drawing.We also had some difficulty figuring out how we were going to handle ground collision.


Team Dynamics:
The team worked well together while divying up tasks pretty well. Certain team members refactored areas that they worked on in the previous sprint as well as different 
areas such as Mario movement and functionality, collisions, ui, gamepad/mousepad controls, background visualse etc. The team did a good job of vocally collaborating and
keeping teammates posted on what areas they might've needed assistance on as well as being open to helping eachother.


Process Improvements:
The process of merging and Github utilities went a lot smoother than the previous sprint. 

Looking Ahead:
