Pixel Plumbers
Reflection Sprint 4
Team Overview:
Continuing from last sprint, we've been getting more comfortable with coding conventions and using MonoGame. As out familiarity 
has improved we've begun integrating more creative elements into the game, building a foundation that's both functional and fun.

Achievements:
We successfully implemented a working camera, enhancing the game's visual flow and player experience. Also, our tilemaps are 
completed for both level 1 and 2, and the camera is able to travel through both maps. We've also added sound effects to improve 
the gameplay make it more creative and fun. 

Challenges:
Implementing the Level Class was more complex and we faced difficulties making sure that loading a level triggers the correct 
actions in the Level Class. Also, we've faced challenges with integrating accurate collision detection for blocks and the ground 
which required a good amount of troubleshooting and adjustment. We've also begun working on a level reset function to get the levels 
to restart effectively, but faced some challenges in making it consistently reliable.

Team Dynamics:
We met less regularly this sprint than in previous ones which led to some uneven workloads accross the team. Some teammates took 
on more responsibilities highlighting an area for potential improvement in workload distribution.

Process Improvements:
We continued to improve our GitHub workflow and this progress has been important for us to keep out project organized and 
collaborative.

Looking Ahead:
We plan on further refining the block collisions to make sure that player interaction is more seamless. We are also looking to 
improve the logic for enemy spawns on the map to make gameplay more consistent. We are also looking to develop addition Mario 
state animations such as Star Mario, Mario death, and turn animations to make the game feel more responsive. Finally, we also 
plan to clean up our Game1 class to better organize the load, update, and draw methods so we can call these methods according 
to the level.